Docs `v3.0.0` (#30)
desmos-labs/docs: docs/02-developers/03-transactions/subspaces/add-user-to-group.md

---
id: add-user-to-group
title: Add user to group
sidebar_label: Add user to group
slug: add-user-to-group
---

# `MsgAddUserToGroup`
This message allows to add a user to a user group.

### Attributes
|   Attribute   |  Type  | Description                                     | Required |
|:-------------:|:------:|:------------------------------------------------|:---------|
| `subspace_id` | Uint64 | Id of the subspace where the group exists       | yes      |
|  `group_id`   | Uint32 | Id of the group where to add the user           | yes      |
|     `user`     | String | Address of the user to be inserted in the group | yes      |

> |   `signer`    | String | Address of the user that sign the msg           | yes      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|   `signer`    | String | Address of the owner that is adding the user to the group  | yes      |
```
